CSFalcon mappers typo (#11465)
demisto/content: Packs/CrowdStrikeFalcon/ReleaseNotes/1_2_13.md

#### Classifiers
##### CrowdStrike Falcon

> - Fixed an issue when the *Device Name* field in the mapper did not work properly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the *Device Name* field in the mapper would not work properly.
```

##### CrowdStrike Falcon Mapper

> - Fixed an issue when the *Device Name* field in the mapper did not work properly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the *Device Name* field in the mapper would not work properly.
```
